Before taking the Internet of things class, I have a very limited view
Of what the Internet of things are. I thought that it was just cool gadgets and light bulbs that you can change the color using your cellphone.
A hype that will just fizzle because there is only a few things that you can do with a light bulb.
The class opened up my perspective that the Internet of Things will be an essential technology of the future. This was highlighted by some of the news article that was discussed in class. The discussion that we have surrounding the industrial applications of the Internet of things. Internet of things is an essential technology of the future because the planet's resources will become scarcer. As inhabitants of this planet we need to more efficient on how we will manage our resources in order to support cities, food supply and commerce. The sensors and the data it will gather will determine if we will survive and have a planet in the next thousand years. 
As with any other technology there are issues. One of the biggest issues that I feel that needs to be addressed is the data that the sensors of the Internet of things will collect. 
One of the high points that of the class is when we discussed calm technology. This made me think of the devices that we have now and how we could design the next generation consumer electronics.

Now I feel strongly about the Internet of things. Every company should have a strategy in place. An Internet of things strategy becomes a necessity to be responsible entity and to thrive as a company of the future because of the operational advantages that it brings. A company that has a strategy will be able to adapt processes based on sensor data.

There are opportunities out there for providing the technology that brings the Internet of things to companies. The local company's successes the SmartThings, PunchThrough and Particle is an indicator that the need exist. I can now say that I know what the Internet of things is and hopefully that what I learned from this class would bring those opportunities to my career as well.

I really enjoyed this class.
 
